Date: 31st March 2011

1 - INTRODUCTIO AND PACKAGE DESCRIPTION

This toolchain is intended to create a whole set of API specifications based in static HTML content and WebIDL annotated files.

All the sources for the generation should be available in a folder in which three sub-folders should be available:
  - static: Where the static html, js or css files that compose the spec are stored.
  - widl: Where the annotated WebIDLs are stored.
  - resources: That contains the following files:
     * widlproc: The widlproc executable (compiled for Linux) that translates widls into xmls.	
     * widlprocxml.dtd: The DTD with the definition of the widl to xml translation.
     * widlprocxmltohtml.xsl: An XSL to convert the XML generated from the widl to html.
     * widlprocxmlsources.xml: An XML with all the references to the xmls used in the process so that cross-module linking is enabled.

2 - RUNNING THE TOOL

The tool is executed through the webinos.sh script that converts all the widls in the widl folder to htmls and copies them to a folder in which all the static resources (static folder) are also copied to.

In order to execute it the following steps must be followed:

 1) Include in the widlprocxmlsources.xml one line for every widl to be processed with the following content:a

    <file>foo.widlprocxml</file>

   Where foo is the name of the name of the module (e.g. for foo.widl the line above should be included)

 2) Execute the script webinos.sh with two input arguments:

   1) The folder in which all the sources are included (according to the structure defined in the previous section)
   2) An existing folder in which a folder called apis will be generated in order to include all the specification there. 

   For instance, if the content of the zip file has been extracted in the /tmp folder, the command webinos.sh /tmp/sources /tmp/spec should generate the spec at /tmp/spec/apis. 

   Note that this zip file already contains some demo content in the sources folder.

3 - WebIDL format:

 The tool is based on the widlproc tool (http://widl.webvm.net/) which has extensive documentation about how should it be used and what is the format of the widl files to be processed. 

4 - Customizing the tool:

 The look&feel of the output is quite flexible and can be easily customized through the XSL file available in resources folder and the CSS available in the static folder.
